docs: update comparisons.md with correct information about WMR (#17708)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/comparisons.md

## WMR

> [WMR](https://github.com/preactjs/wmr) is unfortunately no longer maintained and the Preact team recommends to use Vite with [@preactjs/preset-vite](https://github.com/preactjs/preset-vite).

Reviewer: @rschristian would you help us check what is the best wording here? I would like to keep the shoutout about Rollup's plugin API being inspired by WMR

```suggestion
[WMR](https://github.com/preactjs/wmr) by the Preact team provided a similar feature set. Vite's universal Rollup's plugin API for dev and build was inspired by it.

WMR is no longer maintained. The Preact team now recommends Vite with [@preactjs/preset-vite](https://github.com/preactjs/preset-vite).
```

Reviewer 2: Looks good to me, though "Rollup's" should probably be "Rollup".

Certainly happy if you wanted to change that to "...Preact team looked to provide a similar feature set.", as I'm not sure we ever hit much parity.

Reviewer: Thanks!
